I once met a man who was very strong, who came to my house and explained
he had heard of my wares. At the time i was very poor and he wanted to
trade, ut i told him plainly, there was nothing of his i desired but i
liked to collect debts, so i told him to pay me back later - i live in
the future, i told him, and prefer to dream of what i will do with my
debts

This suited the man and he came almost every day asking for my wares and
paying with his debts, which i lined nicely on my wall.

As the time went by and i piled his debts around me (for it was known
his debts were the strongest in the land), he began to grow wary of my
strengh, as i grew jealous of his means. I did not want to be a mere
maker of trinkets but of all the wonderful things the man could do.

Soon enough i was the second strongest in these lands and i knew surely
that our minds were filled with the destruction of the other, but i had
one advantage he did not, he owed me.

So one day i decided i would call the man to his debts and break him and
claim my place on top of the world. As i walked to claim my debts i ran
into the man.

I confronted him and declared i would make him pay back every cent,
breaking him and taking my place on top of the world. But the man did
not seem bothered, in fact he smiled, and said: "You may destroy me yes,
but when i cannot pay, and i am ruined, what will be of your debts?
What other wealth do you have in this world? And if i am ruined, you
will ruin not just me but all those who i owe and rely on me also, and
who then will buy your trinkets? You cannot exist without me, i am your
future. I cannot live without you but therefore you cannot live without
me, we are entwined."

The man smiled and walked past me. I returned to my house and prepared
trinkets for tomorrows visit from the man.
